Shared Registry API & Configuration for Terraform Enterprise (#1534)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/admin/module-sharing.html.md

[202]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/202
[204]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/204
[400]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400
[401]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/401
[403]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/403
[404]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/404
[409]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/409
[412]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/412
[422]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/422
[429]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/429
[500]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/500
[504]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/504
[JSON API document]: /docs/cloud/api/index.html#json-api-documents
[JSON API error object]: http://jsonapi.org/format/#error-objects

# Admin Module Sharing API

-> **Terraform Enterprise feature:** The admin API is exclusive to Terraform Enterprise, and can only be used by the admins and operators who install and maintain their organization's Terraform Enterprise instance.

> -> These API endpoints are available in Terraform Enterprise as of version 202012-1.

Reviewer: Somewhere right around here, we could use a short paragraph to explain that this _isn't_ the full module sharing interface, and that there's also a mutually exclusive property available in the organization admin endpoint. Otherwise people will be inclined to think this is the whole show, and won't know otherwise without reading the fine print. 

```suggestion
-> These API endpoints are available in Terraform Enterprise as of version 202012-1.

There are two ways to configure module sharing via the admin API:

- This endpoint, which allows an organization to share modules with a specific list of other organizations.
- The [update an organization endpoint](./organizations.html#update-an-organization), whose `data.attributes.global-module-sharing` property allows an organization to share modules with every organization in the instance.

Enabling either option will disable the other. For more information, see [Administration: Module Sharing](/docs/enterprise/admin/module-sharing.html).
```

## Update an Organization's Module Consumers

`PATCH /admin/organizations/:name/module-consumers`

> This endpoint sets the list of organizations that can use modules from the sharing organization's private registry. If the sharing organization has `global-module-sharing` set to `true`, `global-module-sharing` will be set to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
This endpoint sets the list of organizations that can use modules from the sharing organization's private registry. It also turns off global module sharing for the sharing organization when called.
```
